# Price_Elasticity
Data analysis is a subject of much research on how data is being sourced, processed, cleaned and transformed to help discover valuable insights. Advanced data analysis techniques have proved to reveal many insights and trends, helping enormously in the areas of marketing optimisation, personalisation and efficiency that allowed businesses to gain a compact competitive advantage. Customer analysis, on the other hand, is a supplementary process where data on customer behaviour is stored and analysed to help organisations achieve much better insights about their customers. With the growth of data and competitive marketing, it has become essential for organisations to understand their customer quickly and meticulously. Capturing rich data about customers now requires innovative customer relationship management, and it has become more critical than ever for organisations to have an expanding relationship with their customers. This research aims to explore how the customer behaves in a retail store and how can price affect customer behaviour. Therefore segmenting the dataset into different groups and applying price elasticity in demand. This method will determine how the price influence the purchase probability and brand choice probability.
The data set contains prices for five different brands of chocolate.The data set consists of customer information which was taken from their loyalty card. the total records of the data set contains 2000 observations and eight variables.
